---
layout: post
---

Worst thing is everyday you wake up, you seem to start your life afresh. You just lose all your memory, day by day you get used to it. That's terrible. I don't want to go to sleep, because I know it for sure on the next day I won't be able to pick up where I have left off yesterday.

Delusions, you are surrounded by delusions. They keep luring you. It requires sensibility to resist them. Everyone of us is Professor Nash. Everyone of us is Lenny. Everyone of us lives his life with the bondage of solitude.

You have read a word in some books, you try very hard to recollect it, you fail. Your instinct tells you there should be a better word for the meaning you want to express, but you just can't remember it. 

The strong desire you felt last night to make achievements has gone after a night's sleeping. But the work you were doing has been just half done. It feels so bad.

The knowledge I learn, the morals I learn, do they ever belong to me? They seem to stay in my brain. Only high awareness could bring them out at rare moment. You need to concentrate on something, that's the only way to call forth them from your brain. But in reality, we are always distracted. We are distracted whenever we feel the pain in doing something. It's our instinct to stay away the pains.

It doesn't make any sense. After all the hard work reading the classics, I am still unable to wield my language power. Not to mention how much effort I have paid on this language over the years.

I've been here before. It's so difficult to breath. You feel like you are disconnected.

It makes a great difference if one remembers what he reads. What we do reflects how our brain works. Computers are able to fetch information effectively if it stays in memory. Whenever we want a computer to do some calculation on certain data, we first load the data into memory. There is no good bringing extra unnecessary information into the limitted memory. Computers work like that, do our brains work the same way?

We are all running algorithms in our brains. The stupid algorithm brings in unncessary information.
